The structure of this document. Each rule (guideline, suggestion) can have several parts:
the structure of this document each rule guideline suggestion can have several parts

The rule itself - e.g., no naked new
the rule itself e g no naked new

A rule reference number - e.g., C.7 (the 7th rule related to classes).
a rule reference number e g c 7 the 7th rule related to classes

Since the major sections are not inherently ordered, we use letters as the first part of a rule reference "number".
since the major sections are not inherently ordered we use letters as the first part of a rule reference "number"

We leave gaps in the numbering to minimize "disruption" when we add or remove rules.
we leave gaps in the numbering to minimize "disruption" when we add or remove rules

Reasons (rationales) - because programmers find it hard to follow rules they don't understand
reasons rationales because programmers find it hard to follow rules they do not understand

Examples - because rules are hard to understand in the abstract; can be positive or negative
examples because rules are hard to understand in the abstract can be positive or negative

Alternatives - for "don't do this" rules
alternatives for "don't do this" rules

Exceptions - we prefer simple general rules. However, many rules apply widely, but not universally, so exceptions must be listed
exceptions we prefer simple general rules however many rules apply widely but not universally so exceptions must be listed

Enforcement - ideas about how the rule might be checked "mechanically"
enforcement ideas about how the rule might be checked "mechanically"

See also - references to related rules and/or further discussion (in this document or elsewhere)
see also references to related rules and or further discussion in this document or elsewhere

Notes (comments) - something that needs saying that doesn't fit the other classifications
notes comments something that needs saying that does not fit the other classifications

Discussion - references to more extensive rationale and/or examples placed outside the main lists of rules
discussion references to more extensive rationale and or examples placed outside the main lists of rules

Some rules are hard to check mechanically, but they all meet the minimal criteria that an expert programmer can spot many violations without too much trouble.
some rules are hard to check mechanically but they all meet the minimal criteria that an expert programmer can spot many violations without too much trouble

We hope that "mechanical" tools will improve with time to approximate what such an expert programmer notices.
we hope that "mechanical" tools will improve with time to approximate what such an expert programmer notices

Also, we assume that the rules will be refined over time to make them more precise and checkable.
also we assume that the rules will be refined over time to make them more precise and checkable

Leland says "You're going back to Missoula, Montana"!
leland says "You're going back to Missoula, Montana"

Then the day when the "Sadness" comes - then we ask: "Will this Sadness which makes me cry - will this Sadness that makes me cry my heart out - will it ever end?" The answer, of course, is yes. One day the "Sadness" will end.
then the day when the "Sadness" comes then we ask "Will this Sadness which makes me cry - will this Sadness that makes me cry my heart out - will it ever end?" the answer of course is yes one day the "Sadness" will end
