I'm Gopher Boy, pondering reality. I'm Gopher Boy, who'll buy my raspberries?
i am gopher boy pondering reality i am gopher boy who will buy my raspberries

Don't look at me like that, she won't take you back. You've said too much and've been too unkind.
do not look at me like that she will not take you back you have said too much and have been too unkind

Oh, he said he would cure your ills but he didn't and he never will.
oh he said he would cure your ills but he did not and he never will

What is it that you're trying to achieve, girl?
what is it that you are trying to achieve girl

Where the New York City winters aren't bleeding me.
where the new york city winters are not bleeding me

Jo Jo was a man who thought he was a loner but he knew it couldn't last.
jo jo was a man who thought he was a loner but he knew it could not last

And if it was warm, she wouldn't wear much more.
and if it was warm she would not wear much more

It doesn't matter which you heard.
it does not matter which you heard

I can't stop the feeling, all those things I shouldn't do.
i cannot stop the feeling all those things i should not do

Bittersweet distractor daren't speak its name.
bittersweet distractor dare not speak its name

If it hadn't been for Cotton-Eyed Joe I would've been married a long time ago.
if it had not been for cotton eyed joe i would have been married a long time ago

Imagine there is no countries, it isn't hard to do.
imagine there is no countries it is not hard to do

Baby, I know death probably hasn't happened yet
baby i know death probably has not happened yet

Why should she believe me when I told her it wasn't me?
why should she believe me when i told her it was not me

When I was an alien cultures weren't opinions.
when i was an alien cultures were not opinions

Oh no, I've said too much - I haven't said enough.
oh no i have said too much i have not said enough

Let's waste time chasing cars around our heads.
let us waste time chasing cars around our heads

And it mightn't last more than a day but I'll take my chances anyway
and it might not last more than a day but i will take my chances anyway

Tomorrow could make me the past, but that I mustn't fear.
tomorrow could make me the past but that i must not fear

Day out-day in, I needn't tell you how my days begin.
day out day in i need not tell you how my days begin

You're gonna change your way of living change the things you do, stop doing all the things that you oughtn't to.
you are gonna change your way of living change the things you do stop doing all the things that you ought not to

If I can't dance, I shan't be part of your revolution.
if i cannot dance i shall not be part of your revolution

'Don't the husband's wives get out'n'about?'
do not the husband s wives get out and about

Genesis does what Nintendon't
genesis does what nintendon t

Shouldn't'n'couldn't... (Wouldn't've)
should not and could not would not have

Loads o'LLoyds'll go by 'Llwyd'!
loads o lloyds will go by llwyd
